[3.2] Terminate job - JobTerminatorStrategy (#8913)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/user-guide/platform-functionality/jobs/job-revocation.md

# Job Terminate

+++ 3.2.0

The Job Terminate gives operators the ability to terminate running or pending jobs and clean up stuck job records.

## Overview

Long-running or stuck jobs are a normal part of operating Nautobot. Sometimes a job is taking longer than expected and needs to be cancelled. Sometimes a worker crashed mid-job and the `JobResult` is left sitting in `STARTED` forever, even though nothing is actually running. Job Terminate handles both situations through a single user action(clicking `Terminate` on a `JobResult`) and decides what to do based on whether a worker is still alive.
When an operator terminates a job, Nautobot first asks the backend whether any worker still holds the task. There are three possible answers:

> 1. **A worker is processing the task**. Nautobot sends a hard kill (SIGKILL on Celery) to stop it immediately. The worker tears the task down, and the `JobResult` is updated with the user who initiated the kill, the time, and a final status of `REVOKED`.

Reviewer: Can we confirm that the worker recovers after the SIGKILL and can continue to execute subsequent tasks without requiring further intervention?

Author: sure

Author: Confirmed:
1. I started the job
2. I terminated it - a SIGKILL signal was sent
3. I started one more job, and it rans normally

# Job Revocation

+++ 3.2.0

The Job Revocation gives operators the ability to terminate running or pending jobs and clean up stuck job records.

## Overview

> Long-running or stuck jobs are a normal part of operating Nautobot. Sometimes a job is taking longer than expected and needs to be cancelled. Sometimes a worker crashed mid-job and the `JobResult` is left sitting in `STARTED` forever, even though nothing is actually running. Job Revocation handles both situations through a single user action(clicking `Revoke Job` on a `JobResult`) and decides what to do based on whether a worker is still alive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes a job is taking longer than expected and needs to be cancelled. Sometimes a worker crashed mid-job and the `JobResult` is left sitting in `STARTED` forever, even though nothing is actually running. Sometimes a job might have been incorrectly enqueued to a queue that doesn't actually have any workers servicing it. Job Revocation handles such situations through a single user action (clicking `Revoke Job` on a `JobResult`) and moves the JobResult to `REVOKED` state, doing any appropriate additional actions as described below.
```
